# HTML5 APK Builder

This is a really easy way to turn a HTML5 app into a standalone APK.
It is a cut-n-shut of Intel's crosswalk technology.

## Quick Instructions

Wipe the contents of the directory 'html5' and put your own app there.
Image folders, javascript, whatever you want.
There should be a file 'index.html'.
The default app is Chris Wilson's WebAudio API synth.

Now run go.bat. An application called app.signed.aligned.apk will be generated and you
can install and run it on your phone. The APK is quite big because it includes a
cutting edge version of the chromium browser, with asm js, WebGL and WebAudio.

## Unfinished business

There is plenty more you can do to make the generated application more pleasant
and I will automate this soon, from a config file. However for now its a bit generic.
 * Application Icon
 * Application Name

## Folders

What are the various folders, what to mess with, what to leave alone.

### html5

The contents of this folder are merged into the APK. This should contain the HTML5 app you 
want to publish. This is the only folder you need to muck about with.

### key

The keys that will be used to sign your APK. you can make these yourself if you are clever.

### srcapk

This must contain a single file, which is a generic Crosswalk APK as generated by the Intel XDK.
The poor old thing is dissasembled and repacked with your app. This is quicker than using Intel's
online build servers. It will likely be possible to put a new crosswalk demo APK in this folder in 
future, as and when new features are added.

### srcwww

This is a copy of the original www folder from the crosswalk APK, but with the files I deem unnecessary
removed. The contents of this folder is merged with the html5 folder and inserted into the APK, so you
have access to all this native JS interfacing.

### tmp

This is where the source APK is unpackaged to. As an APK is a zip file, we just unzip it, muck about with
it in plain old filesystem space, then zip it back up.

### tools

Collection of tools so you dont have to rummage around on the internet for them. You do need Java though.

 